modules: memfault: Add automatic sending of coredumps over LTE (#20040)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Serial LTE modem
----------------

> * Added overlay :file:`overlay-memfault.conf` to enable Memfault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an overlay :file:`overlay-memfault.conf` file to enable Memfault.
```

Memfault integration
--------------------

> * Added a new feature to automatically post coredumps to Memfault when network connectivity is available.

Reviewer 2: The entry could be moved to the library section - https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.html#debug_libraries as the feature is mentioned there.

Author: Not sure, this kconfig is a part of NCSs integration with Memfault. It only adds a library to the existing suite of c files that we use to integrate Memfault.

>   To enable this feature, set the :kconfig:option:`MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_ON_NETWORK_CONNECTED` Kconfig option to ``y``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To enable this feature, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_ON_NETWORK_CONNECTED` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```

>   This feature can be enabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_ON_NETWORK_CONNECTED` Kconfig option to ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To enable this feature, set the :kconfig:option:`MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_ON_NETWORK_CONNECTED` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```
